Welcome. So, in this video,
we'll be going over all the code that allowed us to do the sensor stream before,
and taking in the data,
and sending it to AWS,
and then displaying it on the website.
Andrew will be going over the Arduino and DragonBoard code.
And I'll be going over the code that's on the EC2 server.
So lets gets started.
So, as you can see,
we have three directories and I just CD into the Arduino directory.
Sorry about that.
And then, let's look at the readALL.ino file.
We need a control plus.
So let's get out of that, let's go to VIM instead.
And here we are.
So this should look familiar to you guys,
since this is code that you guys have seen in the basic projects for course two.
But there are a lot of math going on as well.
And this is to format the temperature
in a way so that temperature and other data in a way,
so that it makes it more readable.
This can also be important for parsing data information as
well in the future parts of the program.
So yeah, this is printing the information that we get from the sensors to Serial.
And from Serial, if we want to use that data,
we have to go to the next file which I'm going to go over right now.
So, let's go to VIM,
readSerial.py, and this is a python file.
And this one's relatively short.
It just gets that data from Serial and print it out.
And then, let's go to DragonBoard,
the DragonBoard directory now,
to see the send-data-aws.py file.
As we mentioned in the previous videos,
the other five files are just setup.
They like contain keys for making sure your data gets to other site correctly,
so we're not going to go over that.
If you guys want to learn more about keys then,
you guys can use your favorite search engine.
Cryptography and security's a huge field,
you guys can go check it out.
And then, let's just go into the send-data-aws.py.
So here we are at the file,
and before we begin,
we need to import some libraries where the information.
And this is important because we need some JSON capabilities,
I'm like reading from Serial,
and this is the part where we do it.
And then, the next part is where we start listening on the Serial port,
and this is the same one that we initialized earlier.
And after that, we want to create an AWS client,
and then we can set the URL to the place that is receiving the data.
Then after that, we want to initialize some keys,
so that the data gets there correctly.
This is important because of attacks that might happen.
And here's the part where we actually parse the information,
so the information is nice and organized pretty,
so you guys can mess around with it.
So that's the part that does that.
And then, this the part where we convert what we parsed into JSON,
and this makes it,
so that we can get the data later,
and then we put it on the client.
So that we can see the data posted.
That's pretty much it for this file.
Now, let's go to the EC2 server section for Simon.
For this code, we have the server and just the front-end, the index, the HTML.
So the first thing is log into the server.
So the first part is just some,
what I need for setting up the server,
Window JS Express is a good server package.
The next part is just,
this is for the index file.
So basically, when I go to a URL,
and then go to like this the base URL like google.com,
they will automatically send me to like google.com/.
And then they will just,
whatever I set in this function,
it will send whatever is in there.
So for example, res.sendfile just send the index,
the HTML file that we have in this directory,
and so I'm printing the screen.
And the next part, next one is another URL to
this like google.com/data would be like the equivalent.
And then for this one, it's just getting data for the sensors
like light, temperature, and sound.
The reason why we can't do a request on the front-end is because we can't do,
cross-origin requests are not allowed,
basically from a client from the front-end to another server on the backend.
It has to go to its own backend.
So, we just have it sent to the backend and the backend which,
there's no data server,
sends the request to the API on Amazon Web Services,
and then gets the data, and then heads it back to the front-end.
And the last part is just setting the port,
we set it to 80.
It's just the normal HTTP port for white brothers.
And then just starting the server.
So that's like that's from simple like no JS code.
And then for the front-end,
we have this area.
I used Angular One just because it's simple and charts.JS to show the nice pretty chart.
This is just some Angular code sorting where the temperature,
light, and sound values will be.
And then, here's the bunch of JavaScript.
This is basically where you write Angular code,
its like inside app.controller.
And this is like saying every second get data from the backend, from AWS.
And then once you get the data,
format the dates and the time,
and then put it into the variables.
So that shows up on website.
And then update the chart. It's not too much.
I will be explaining Angular charts.JS but I
personally like using it a lot because it looks nice and it's easy to manage.
This is not, Angular One is not nearly as like complex as Angular Two.
But there's a quick library for using it.
Yeah. So that's all our code that you need for this.
You always free, we went over a lot of different topics and languages,
so you always feel free to just like look up
and research more on the different topics so that you understand the code more.
Thank you for watching.